exploit/unix/webapp/awstatstotals_multisort                             AWStats Totals multisort Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/awstats_configdir_exec                              AWStats configdir Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/awstats_migrate_exec                                AWStats migrate Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/actualanalyzer_ant_cookie_exec                      ActualAnalyzer 'ant' Cookie Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/aerohive_netconfig_lfi_log_poison_rce               Aerohive NetConfig 10.0r8a LFI and log poisoning to RCE
exploit/unix/webapp/ajenti_auth_username_cmd_injection                  Ajenti auth username Command Injection
exploit/unix/ssh/arista_tacplus_shell                                   Arista restricted shell escape (with privesc)
exploit/unix/ssh/array_vxag_vapv_privkey_privesc                        Array Networks vAPV and vxAG Private Key Privilege Escalation Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/base_qry_common                                     BASE base_qry_common Remote File Include
exploit/unix/webapp/barracuda_img_exec                                  Barracuda IMG.PL Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/basilic_diff_exec                                   Basilic 1.5.14 diff.php Arbitrary Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/bolt_authenticated_rce                              Bolt CMS 3.7.0 - Authenticated Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/http/ctek_skyrouter                                        CTEK SkyRouter 4200 and 4300 Command Execution
exploit/unix/http/cacti_filter_sqli_rce                                 Cacti color filter authenticated SQLi to RCE
exploit/unix/webapp/cacti_graphimage_exec                               Cacti graph_view.php Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/cakephp_cache_corruption                            CakePHP Cache Corruption Code Execution
exploit/unix/http/epmp1000_get_chart_cmd_shell                          Cambium ePMP1000 'get_chart' Shell via Command Injection (v3.1-3.5-RC7)
exploit/unix/http/epmp1000_ping_cmd_shell                               Cambium ePMP1000 'ping' Shell via Command Injection (up to v2.5)
exploit/unix/webapp/carberp_backdoor_exec                               Carberp Web Panel C2 Backdoor Remote PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/local/chkrootkit                                           Chkrootkit Local Privilege Escalation
exploit/unix/webapp/citrix_access_gateway_exec                          Citrix Access Gateway Command Execution
exploit/unix/smtp/clamav_milter_blackhole                               ClamAV Milter Blackhole-Mode Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/http/pfsense_clickjacking                                  Clickjacking Vulnerability In CSRF Error Page pfSense
exploit/unix/webapp/clipbucket_upload_exec                              ClipBucket Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/http/contentkeeperweb_mimencode                            ContentKeeper Web Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/coppermine_piceditor                                Coppermine Photo Gallery picEditor.php Command Execution
exploit/unix/dhcp/rhel_dhcp_client_command_injection                    DHCP Client Command Injection (DynoRoot)
exploit/unix/webapp/datalife_preview_exec                               DataLife Engine preview.php PHP Code Injection
exploit/unix/http/dell_kace_k1000_upload                                Dell KACE K1000 File Upload
exploit/unix/dhcp/bash_environment                                      Dhclient Bash Environment Variable Injection (Shellshock)
exploit/unix/misc/distcc_exec                                           DistCC Daemon Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/dogfood_spell_exec                                  Dogfood CRM spell.php Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/drupal_coder_exec                                   Drupal CODER Module Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/drupal_drupalgeddon2                                Drupal Drupalgeddon 2 Forms API Property Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/drupal_restws_exec                                  Drupal RESTWS Module Remote PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/drupal_restws_unserialize                           Drupal RESTful Web Services unserialize() RCE
exploit/unix/webapp/egallery_upload_exec                                EGallery PHP File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/local/emacs_movemail                                       Emacs movemail Privilege Escalation
exploit/unix/fileformat/exiftool_djvu_ant_perl_injection                ExifTool DjVu ANT Perl injection
exploit/unix/local/exim_perl_startup                                    Exim "perl_startup" Privilege Escalation
exploit/unix/smtp/exim4_string_format                                   Exim4 string_format Function Heap Buffer Overflow
exploit/unix/webapp/flashchat_upload_exec                               FlashChat Arbitrary File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/foswiki_maketext                                    Foswiki MAKETEXT Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/http/freepbx_callmenum                                     FreePBX 2.10.0 / 2.9.0 callmenum Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/freepbx_config_exec                                 FreePBX config.php Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/fusionpbx_exec_cmd_exec                             FusionPBX Command exec.php Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/fusionpbx_operator_panel_exec_cmd_exec              FusionPBX Operator Panel exec.php Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/php_eval                                            Generic PHP Code Evaluation
exploit/unix/webapp/generic_exec                                        Generic Web Application Unix Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/get_simple_cms_upload_exec                          GetSimpleCMS PHP File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/fileformat/ghostscript_type_confusion                      Ghostscript Type Confusion Arbitrary Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/google_proxystylesheet_exec                         Google Appliance ProxyStyleSheet Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/graphite_pickle_exec                                Graphite Web Unsafe Pickle Handling
exploit/unix/webapp/openview_connectednodes_exec                        HP Openview connectedNodes.ovpl Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/hastymail_exec                                      Hastymail 2.1.1 RC1 Command Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/havalite_upload_exec                                Havalite CMS Arbitary File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/horde_unserialize_exec                              Horde Framework Unserialize PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/hybridauth_install_php_exec                         HybridAuth install.php PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/fileformat/imagemagick_delegate                            ImageMagick Delegate Arbitrary Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/instantcms_exec                                     InstantCMS 1.6 Remote PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/invision_pboard_unserialize_exec                    Invision IP.Board unserialize() PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/joomla_tinybrowser                                  Joomla 1.5.12 TinyBrowser File Upload Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/joomla_akeeba_unserialize                           Joomla Akeeba Kickstart Unserialize Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/joomla_comfields_sqli_rce                           Joomla Component Fields SQLi Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/joomla_comjce_imgmanager                            Joomla Component JCE File Upload Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/joomla_contenthistory_sqli_rce                      Joomla Content History SQLi Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/joomla_media_upload_exec                            Joomla Media Manager File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/kimai_sqli                                          Kimai v0.9.2 'db_restore.php' SQL Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/libretto_upload_exec                                LibrettoCMS File Manager Arbitary File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/http/lifesize_room                                         LifeSize Room Command Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/maarch_letterbox_file_upload                        Maarch LetterBox Unrestricted File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/mambo_cache_lite                                    Mambo Cache_Lite Class mosConfig_absolute_path Remote File Include
exploit/unix/webapp/guestbook_ssi_exec                                  Matt Wright guestbook.pl Arbitrary Command Execution
exploit/unix/fileformat/metasploit_libnotify_cmd_injection              Metasploit Libnotify Plugin Arbitrary Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/mitel_awc_exec                                      Mitel Audio and Web Conferencing Command Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/moinmoin_twikidraw                                  MoinMoin twikidraw Action Traversal File Upload
exploit/unix/smtp/morris_sendmail_debug                                 Morris Worm sendmail Debug Mode Shell Escape
exploit/unix/webapp/nagios_graph_explorer                               Nagios XI Network Monitor Graph Explorer Component Command Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/nagios3_history_cgi                                 Nagios3 history.cgi Host Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/nagios3_statuswml_ping                              Nagios3 statuswml.cgi Ping Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/narcissus_backend_exec                              Narcissus Image Configuration Passthru Vulnerability
exploit/unix/local/netbsd_mail_local                                    NetBSD mail.local Privilege Escalation
exploit/unix/webapp/open_flash_chart_upload_exec                        Open Flash Chart v2 Arbitrary File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/openemr_sqli_privesc_upload                         OpenEMR 4.1.1 Patch 14 SQLi Privilege Escalation Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/openemr_upload_exec                                 OpenEMR PHP File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/openmediavault_rpc_rce                              OpenMediaVault rpc.php Authenticated PHP Code Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/opennetadmin_ping_cmd_injection                     OpenNetAdmin Ping Command Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/opensis_modname_exec                                OpenSIS 'modname' PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/smtp/opensmtpd_mail_from_rce                               OpenSMTPD MAIL FROM Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/local/opensmtpd_oob_read_lpe                               OpenSMTPD OOB Read Local Privilege Escalation
exploit/unix/webapp/openx_banner_edit                                   OpenX banner-edit.php File Upload PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/oracle_vm_agent_utl                                 Oracle VM Server Virtual Server Agent Command Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/pajax_remote_exec                                   PAJAX Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/http/laravel_token_unserialize_exec                        PHP Laravel Framework token Unserialize Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/php_include                                         PHP Remote File Include Generic Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/php_xmlrpc_eval                                     PHP XML-RPC Arbitrary Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/php_charts_exec                                     PHP-Charts v1.0 PHP Code Execution Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/phpmyadmin_config                                   PhpMyAdmin Config File Code Injection
exploit/unix/http/pihole_dhcp_mac_exec                                  Pi-Hole DHCP MAC OS Command Execution
exploit/unix/http/pihole_whitelist_exec                                 Pi-Hole Whitelist OS Command Execution
exploit/unix/http/pihole_blocklist_exec                                 Pi-Hole heisenbergCompensator Blocklist OS Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/piwik_superuser_plugin_upload                       Piwik Superuser Plugin Upload
exploit/unix/misc/polycom_hdx_auth_bypass                               Polycom Command Shell Authorization Bypass
exploit/unix/misc/polycom_hdx_traceroute_exec                           Polycom Shell HDX Series Traceroute Command Execution
exploit/unix/ftp/proftpd_modcopy_exec                                   ProFTPD 1.3.5 Mod_Copy Command Execution
exploit/unix/ftp/proftpd_133c_backdoor                                  ProFTPD-1.3.3c Backdoor Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/projectpier_upload_exec                             Project Pier Arbitrary File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/projectsend_upload_exec                             ProjectSend Arbitrary File Upload
exploit/unix/smtp/qmail_bash_env_exec                                   Qmail SMTP Bash Environment Variable Injection (Shellshock)
exploit/unix/http/quest_kace_systems_management_rce                     Quest KACE Systems Management Command Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/qtss_parse_xml_exec                                 QuickTime Streaming Server parse_xml.cgi Remote Execution
exploit/unix/fileformat/metasploit_msfvenom_apk_template_cmd_injection  Rapid7 Metasploit Framework msfvenom APK Template Command Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/redmine_scm_exec                                    Redmine SCM Repository Arbitrary Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/spip_connect_exec                                   SPIP connect Parameter PHP Injection
exploit/unix/http/schneider_electric_net55xx_encoder                    Schneider Electric Pelco Endura NET55XX Encoder
exploit/unix/webapp/seportal_sqli_exec                                  SePortal SQLi Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/local/setuid_nmap                                          Setuid Nmap Exploit
exploit/unix/webapp/simple_e_document_upload_exec                       Simple E-Document Arbitrary File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/sphpblog_file_upload                                Simple PHP Blog Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/sixapart_movabletype_storable_exec                  SixApart MovableType Storable Perl Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/skybluecanvas_exec                                  SkyBlueCanvas CMS Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/sonicwall/sonicwall_xmlrpc_rce                             SonicWall Global Management System XMLRPC set_time_zone Unauth RCE
exploit/unix/misc/spamassassin_exec                                     SpamAssassin spamd Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/squash_yaml_exec                                    Squash YAML Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/squirrelmail_pgp_plugin                             SquirrelMail PGP Plugin Command Execution (SMTP)
exploit/unix/webapp/sugarcrm_rest_unserialize_exec                      SugarCRM REST Unserialize PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/sugarcrm_unserialize_exec                           SugarCRM unserialize() PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/http/syncovery_linux_rce_2022_36534                        Syncovery For Linux Web-GUI Authenticated Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/http/twiki_debug_plugins                                   TWiki Debugenableplugins Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/twiki_history                                       TWiki History TWikiUsers rev Parameter Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/twiki_maketext                                      TWiki MAKETEXT Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/twiki_search                                        TWiki Search Function Arbitrary Command Execution
exploit/unix/ssh/tectia_passwd_changereq                                Tectia SSH USERAUTH Change Request Password Reset Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/thinkphp_rce                                        ThinkPHP Multiple PHP Injection RCEs
exploit/unix/webapp/tikiwiki_upload_exec                                Tiki Wiki Unauthenticated File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/tikiwiki_unserialize_exec                           Tiki Wiki unserialize() PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/tikiwiki_jhot_exec                                  TikiWiki jhot Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/tikiwiki_graph_formula_exec                         TikiWiki tiki-graph_formula Remote PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/trixbox_ce_endpoint_devicemap_rce                   TrixBox CE endpoint_devicemap.php Authenticated Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/trixbox_langchoice                                  Trixbox langChoice PHP Local File Inclusion
exploit/unix/webapp/tuleap_rest_unserialize_exec                        Tuleap 9.6 Second-Order PHP Object Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/tuleap_unserialize_exec                             Tuleap PHP Unserialize Code Execution
exploit/unix/irc/unreal_ircd_3281_backdoor                              UnrealIRCD 3.2.8.1 Backdoor Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/vicidial_manager_send_cmd_exec                      VICIdial Manager Send OS Command Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/vicidial_user_authorization_unauth_cmd_exec         VICIdial user_authorization Unauthenticated Command Execution
exploit/unix/http/vmturbo_vmtadmin_exec_noauth                          VMTurbo Operations Manager vmtadmin.cgi Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/ftp/vsftpd_234_backdoor                                    VSFTPD v2.3.4 Backdoor Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/webtester_exec                                      WebTester 5.x Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/webmin_show_cgi_exec                                Webmin /file/show.cgi Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/webmin_upload_exec                                  Webmin Upload Authenticated RCE
exploit/unix/webapp/arkeia_upload_exec                                  Western Digital Arkeia Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_admin_shell_upload                               WordPress Admin Shell Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_asset_manager_upload_exec                        WordPress Asset-Manager PHP File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_holding_pattern_file_upload                      WordPress Holding Pattern Theme Arbitrary File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_infinitewp_auth_bypass                           WordPress InfiniteWP Client Authentication Bypass
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_optimizepress_upload                             WordPress OptimizePress Theme File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_phpmailer_host_header                            WordPress PHPMailer Host Header Command Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_photo_gallery_unrestricted_file_upload           WordPress Photo Gallery Unrestricted File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_pixabay_images_upload                            WordPress Pixabay Images PHP Code Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_platform_exec                                    WordPress Platform Theme File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_advanced_custom_fields_exec                      WordPress Plugin Advanced Custom Fields Remote File Inclusion
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_foxypress_upload                                 WordPress Plugin Foxypress uploadify.php Arbitrary Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_google_document_embedder_exec                    WordPress Plugin Google Document Embedder Arbitrary File Disclosure
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_pie_register_bypass_rce                          WordPress Plugin Pie Register Auth Bypass to RCE
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_revslider_upload_execute                         WordPress RevSlider File Upload and Execute Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_total_cache_exec                                 WordPress W3 Total Cache PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_easycart_unrestricted_file_upload                WordPress WP EasyCart Unrestricted File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_mobile_detector_upload_execute                   WordPress WP Mobile Detector 3.5 Shell Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_symposium_shell_upload                           WordPress WP Symposium 14.11 Shell Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_property_upload_exec                             WordPress WP-Property PHP File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_wptouch_file_upload                              WordPress WPTouch Authenticated File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_wpshop_ecommerce_file_upload                     WordPress WPshop eCommerce Arbitrary File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_lastpost_exec                                    WordPress cache_lastpostdate Arbitrary Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_wpdiscuz_unauthenticated_file_upload             WordPress wpDiscuz Unauthenticated File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_ajax_load_more_file_upload                       Wordpress Ajax Load More PHP Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_creativecontactform_file_upload                  Wordpress Creative Contact Form Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_downloadmanager_upload                           Wordpress Download Manager (download-manager) Unauthenticated File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_frontend_editor_file_upload                      Wordpress Front-end Editor File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_inboundio_marketing_file_upload                  Wordpress InBoundio Marketing PHP Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_infusionsoft_upload                              Wordpress InfusionSoft Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_wysija_newsletters_upload                        Wordpress MailPoet Newsletters (wysija-newsletters) Unauthenticated File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_nmediawebsite_file_upload                        Wordpress N-Media Website Contact Form Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_plainview_activity_monitor_rce                   Wordpress Plainview Activity Monitor RCE
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_reflexgallery_file_upload                        Wordpress Reflex Gallery Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_slideshowgallery_upload                          Wordpress SlideShow Gallery Authenticated File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/wp_worktheflow_upload                               Wordpress Work The Flow Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/x11/x11_keyboard_exec                                      X11 Keyboard Command Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/xoda_file_upload                                    XODA 0.4.5 Arbitrary PHP File Upload Vulnerability
exploit/unix/misc/xerox_mfp                                             Xerox Multifunction Printers (MFP) "Patch" DLM Vulnerability
exploit/unix/webapp/xymon_useradm_cmd_exec                              Xymon useradm Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/zpanel_username_exec                                ZPanel 10.0.0.2 htpasswd Module Username Command Execution
exploit/unix/misc/zabbix_agent_exec                                     Zabbix Agent net.tcp.listen Command Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/zeroshell_exec                                      ZeroShell Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/zimbra_lfi                                          Zimbra Collaboration Server LFI
exploit/unix/http/zivif_ipcheck_exec                                    Zivif Camera iptest.cgi Blind Remote Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/zoneminder_lang_exec                                ZoneMinder Language Settings Remote Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/zoneminder_packagecontrol_exec                      ZoneMinder Video Server packageControl Command Execution
exploit/unix/local/at_persistence                                       at(1) Persistence
exploit/unix/webapp/jquery_file_upload                                  blueimp's jQuery (Arbitrary) File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/elfinder_php_connector_exiftran_cmd_injection       elFinder PHP Connector exiftran Command Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/mybb_backdoor                                       myBB 1.6.4 Backdoor Arbitrary Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/opensis_chain_exec                                  openSIS Unauthenticated PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/oscommerce_filemanager                              osCommerce 2.2 Arbitrary PHP Code Execution
exploit/unix/http/pfsense_diag_routes_webshell                          pfSense Diag Routes Web Shell Upload
exploit/unix/http/pfsense_graph_injection_exec                          pfSense authenticated graph status RCE
exploit/unix/http/pfsense_group_member_exec                             pfSense authenticated group member RCE
exploit/unix/http/pfsense_pfblockerng_webshell                          pfSense plugin pfBlockerNG unauthenticated RCE as root
exploit/unix/webapp/phpbb_highlight                                     phpBB viewtopic.php Arbitrary Code Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/phpcollab_upload_exec                               phpCollab 2.5.1 Unauthenticated File Upload
exploit/unix/webapp/rconfig_install_cmd_exec                            rConfig install Command Execution
exploit/unix/http/tnftp_savefile                                        tnftp "savefile" Arbitrary Command Execution
exploit/unix/webapp/vbulletin_vote_sqli_exec                            vBulletin index.php/ajax/api/reputation/vote nodeid Parameter SQL Injection
exploit/unix/webapp/php_vbulletin_template                              vBulletin misc.php Template Name Arbitrary Code Execution
exploit/unix/http/xdebug_unauth_exec                                    xdebug Unauthenticated OS Command Execution